got to the sharp imperial well, yes, you live somewhere in a non-existent state before the former you want the restoration of the Russian empire, I want far from great Russia, and what does the Russian story have to do with the glory of Russia? territorially, as territorially, simply a part of Russia captured the Russian empire that the Russian empire did not capture great Russia from princes to emperors passed almost here, look, he was in Kyiv, so the prince could not divide Novgorod farin of the Russian empire was created from the Moscow kingdom from the Moscow principality either way or not this was created then this one was deceived and petersburg, look peter he made an empire from where territorially from where it came from the principality of moscow true petrograd this is some kind of year in let's go back 10 now I'll explain the seventeen hundred years let's go back to russia let's 10th century how she will put the rurikovich erikovich mask mos  kovsky is correct
that wait what skeins of moscow have not yet
been let's start kulikovich they
are somehow moscow still the sky let's
so vladimir baptized rus in 988 moscow
was not yet
988 yes
that's the end of the 10th century so that's rus that
territory that now
belongs to ukraine  che partly Belarus
so
there somewhere to me where Moscow is now so
there which ones you can name what
tribes of Slavs lived on the territory of Moscow,
that is, there were no Slavs there before that Moscow
was founded again after and what tribes
lived there I didn’t have cowards this is the Baltic  all all the
layers are not the former simply no not
just the Germanic tribes
well it’s just that the diamond limanske from the cowards
went with his words in what year from the
cowards the words went in no century
it was understood
somewhere by the court and the icic this is the fourth century
our
thousands of the fourth century were pajero  4 and
further there were Prussians in the fourth century, yes, of
course, it’s
interesting, but here the guests were here in
our territories, here’s
who else for a year and a year,
well, spam cable, of course, and t  oh, you don’t, you don’t
know before the informal, you don’t know
that there was an east year and the Visigoths, the Germanic tribes,
I wasn’t interested in them,
just here, somewhere where you live, they didn’t
pass, and they won’t be in the Crimea
where
I live,
so let’s get back it turns out  when
vladimir baptized russia so there
were no slavs where moscow is now and so
on and so the villages were nearby and moscow
was not built there
of the principality, it was called Zalesye, of
course, climb in and this is not Russia, this
territory is controlled by Lucy, just like,
for example, now yakutia or Buryatia,
so into the territory controlled by Moscow,
no, why is it the territory of Moscow that
will be Moscow, the territory of Russia, this is not a
separate republic or the state
gave yes, but look, let's  so not yakut
and this is
not rus land not julius no they are russian yakut
and feet code and this is their ze  blah, this code is
not Russia, it’s true,
this moment is the past and of
course the
Yakuts weren’t
in the days of the great
Russians on Russian broadcasts,
wait for help and I want to figure it out,
see
if
Russia has now captured Yakutia, for example,
or the Mongols have captured Moscow, Moscow is
melting from this, Muscovites are melting from this, the
Mongols
I myself am not located on the territory of
Mongolia, ami mon
mongongo from this is Mongols, but we are not
national
emotional Nazis, why are we
national signs, what does it have to do with it, and I’m
talking about the other one, I’m in relation to a person of the
state to civil yes, well, and not
only
if I was born in  Poland, for example, if you were born
in Lviv at the time when he
was Polish and he and Lviv became
Ukrainian I am a Luka Pole and
dependence is the sound of who you are according to ethnicity
alone It is agreed when the album is
released you confuse citizenship you confuse
citizenship citizenship for example and I
understand I just ask a question  if I
was born in the times of share bu Polish
and
he became Ukrainian I have  krainets or fields
depends on who your parents are poles and
ukrainians
but how they were with the lions was always polish
as always after of the same love
poles like poles like silence don’t look
and who was such a king to know the king of russia
before didn’t
give the galician role juice such a google king  Russia
didn’t have such a china as crowned
Danila Dutch so crowned
that
only the Spaniards and the British could issue a crown, but we
didn’t understand you, we didn’t have kings,
well, we didn’t have the right one either in
Yakutia there or where but  we have
Danilo of Galicia,
well, on the territory of this
Rus-Ukraine, yes, there was King Lucy, he had the
titles of Ukrainians, well, yes, he founded
it with his son, a lion, was Lev Danilovich, the
speech of the commonwealth was later already
taken away,
they were taken away from you, not quite taken away,
look we  became part of the
Commonwealth in the times of 1818 at the beginning of the 19th
century, they lived happily through the times of the
18th and early 19th centuries, the Commonwealth was
not a crisis, let's
try  cheer, now I understand that you are where
you forge it’s hard for you, it’s so cold, but
try to swear without beer
serious historical made a video about it
only
turns out that look Ukraine, here’s the
territory as it got into the composition of the
commonwealth,
I don’t know,
but the fact that Ukraine, this shyness was in the
Grand Duchy  Lithuanian,
you know, well, that is, it turns out more, too
, more and
more, too, applies to
nitro and not Poles and Poles, Poles and
Rusyns are different peoples, but the lions of the keys of
the lions are still waiting for the lions, founded by the prince and
king of Russia Danilo Galitsky
named him in honor of his son, he
was named
okay and the territory  then lions was the
daughter of the Commonwealth, only the Commonwealth,
if a
different author’s empire on the territory of the
territory is the territory, but the people and
people who now live from a friend and
see the whole example, I founded the
territory, yes, I know how to take it in a week and
other people lived there for a hundred years tea
my territory  or their 2 kilometer sleep
Kaliningrad is whose vodka is not Kazbek, then
whose territory was in  former by malene
that is, how many Russians live there
Russians of the forty-fifth year
often Russian all history there was
Germany Germans
well then these are Russian cities at the
moment so lions then this is whose city
at the moment
I am so the question is not this was
what I say how how  the people are
Ukrainian, he is a Pole, we don’t say whose
territory,
let’s take it as a person, and here I am, the
salon was suitable for an example in Lviv
during the times of the
Soviet Union, or look, let
’s explain the meaning now, for example,
macron, the president of France is going to live
in Russia in Yakutia  so with his wife and the
radio there of the child,
this child will be French, Russian or
yaku there, of
course, like my parents are
French, I managed 1 toy will be a knife,
you get it, you don’t perceive them at all,
they put a person away and while
who gave birth to him, but still the perception is real
no they are a little kvoll who and form his
ringtone by nationality gathered on a
french foam what are you
dismantling now  msya with the concept of
nationality so this is why I am
generally
ramzan kadyrov ramzan kadyrov he is a chechen
or a russian
at the moment he is a citizen of russia but do the russians of
course consider the
hour you his finger is stronger he
is a chechen born in chechnya
just like i am not a kutian merged in
yakutia
then i have  full right to consider yourself rus
let's how are you Russian or Yakut sasha
ramzan kadyrov from the length of the visual
understand he is a Chechen or Russian it's like
it's a
Russian
Chechen I
wonder
from what, for example, the height from the city of
Khmelnitsky, well, you are Milchin correctly, a
resident of the city of Khmelnitsky, but well, but
if  for example, a person born in a
drawing and at the same time he is Ukrainians,
and don’t look, he is a citizen of Ukraine, but he
can be a Jew
Russian Ukraine 3 moles,
that is, I myself cannot be
Ukrainians again together you confuse no
analysis and there is no close one he is a Jew he
cannot  be by nationality not the same
as me at the borders I can’t be because of the
throne I will move to Israel I will not be a
Jew but how can I  it’s important for slaves
not to move, the girlfriend of Yaga Willis was born,
you are confusing the concept of citizenship, a citizen of a
Jew who lives in Ukraine, he is a
citizen of Ukraine, a field who lives in
Ukraine, he teased, they stole me,
well, he’s a Jew, but he is a citizen nicknamed from
letka, a Jew who is a citizen of
Ukraine ukraine, he is not  he is a Jew but
no by nationality by nationality
no he
has
yuri he is a Jew
no he is a citizen of ukraine well you see
we have you and I in different ways yes
in general nationality no less than that
is restored cultural feature
here you have how not to put inspect you
but russia is divided by
nationality into a republic
exists when
he is a citizen
russian kadyrov russian to
go nuts
i also say down and i am a yakut i can’t
consider myself a russian correctly
you can calculate yourself in one you can
consider yourself an alien there is not
stupidity well I bring myself well then  I am
associated with what I was born on the way I,
as I was born in Russia,
understand where from when  than racer Russians
live in Russia Russians
citizens of Russia
to understand this correctly tells you you are a
citizen of Russia so
what vector lives a storm these cute in Chechnya a
Chechen Buryat some ethnic
Russian if he lives there but you are citizens of the
Russian Federation and confuse
citizenship and just like Zelensky
Zelinsky  a Jew who is a citizen of
Ukraine, the president is on a small scale, well, yes,
because he is a Kolomoisky Jew, also a Jew,
if it is a sign of Ukrainians to rescue, but
how do you distinguish, for example, the fields, that
is, somehow distinguished myself, the language of the ult urn and the
features then also the most, and this
suggests that  that he may not be a
Jew, but how exactly to
understand what
and how to understand that in front of you is Russian and
I’ll ask, I don’t know how to
really understand Putin, is he Russian or
German, the
possibility of
not surnames, something else, as far as you can
change,
don’t let it be so, this is not our president
Jews, you are fascists, so it’s not necessary that
you are
not
so worth it,
but if you read
here they already look like what an
idea  logy a person
got a ticket
I am a Ukrainian
maybe my dad got there from Russia my mother is from
Ukraine and I have an office in Ukraine
but he can’t be he means it
can’t be
now we will check if he is Ukrainian or
Russian tell me how you feel about the war
in Ukraine
neutrally us in fact  In fact, it is better for us
not to talk about the fact that they
designated p.i.  if so the Russians are
immediately for the war, now if I could say
if me then here I am a galaxy,
then this is where the Ukrainian genes thing is for
you when
I can’t say I know I can also say
it’s clear
what not to do and who I am
let’s figure it out  that's who you are,
for example, who your parents were,
that is, parents are Poles and Russians, a new
cult of
Ukrainians, I’m Ukrainian there in our
city, I also know a lot about Volodarsky
Volodarsky
Ukrainian Polish, maybe
your surnames even
say a lot before
you, in short, look, I’m doing it now
hybrid pros people
fifteen stupidly all for the war for the war for the
war we know
they want wars of types someone likes them there
I
have a very complex topic that should be
dealt with by political scientists and the military alone and
I have no idea of ignorance of this,
so I am you  citi
this war is from your time
maybe maybe my money because you
're a [ __ ] guide but argues what's
right and what's wrong I can't
because I don’t have any information and
they are so versed in looking but
potassium and look in the world replace it too we
pay well I don’t understand medicine ours
were erected you you you walk down the street and
you see a man hitting a girl on the head with a bat
do you think it’s right or
wrong  I myself shocked him,
that is, after all, you didn’t start
walking a man and, in short, he beats a girl so
with a bat on the
head, you see, he beats,
yes, he just just walks and beats,
let’s not touch him, let one of
your neighbors
break down the door and beat another neighbor’s
wife in his apartment  and then why is it
right for what, but there is a reason for
which to beat, that is, you can name the
reason for
abused,
I’m just trying to understand,
look, I can give an example, a neighbor
broke into the house and started beating his
neighbor with bits for
hitting his child or for something  that he
listened to music loudly so that he listened to
music it is not necessary to beat if he hit a
child, then
let's figure it out ukraine ukraine was
doing something russia  I listened to
music loudly or she beat a Russian child in
Russia
I myself watch the polaris of Yakutia
from
I kind of consider myself
I’m always interested in this position,
but how they brought both heaps and
worked somewhere for my father
came there, it’s just that and we were Krishna
Zhdanov  in short, it’s still sat down yes yes
yes he is,
while from this grandmother’s apartment it was probably
already an apartment for the night
and mine left when
10 cm and our garden 8
I call my mother Polish actually
it’s better
to come right
now we kill thailand us to thailand
and closer to  the mask is
two times cheaper than the car gave us in the face itself
, let’s
say the car is here, and
in Europe it’s even cheaper it comes
from
Japan,
someone takes these fees from us,
so
it’s understandable that the
violations went okay after that, everything’s fine,
let’s run further than a pleasant condition
so communicate well, support the
war, you understand that your share of the
responsibility of the citizens of Russia is on
this because the war is on your
behalf
to make igalo
alone and appears in to t  hat issue creen
from mariupol and
one seems to endure on a dude disgusting drunk
I will not seem to show
our view there not for a nightmare or these rights to the
protection of the
authorities both proved half the field.
water yak
roan rus russian why does it appear and
for the first time there is a story that the poles
founded the lions
ok allochka then all of you are pacino and you are
reading history to enter for the Russians
I’ll specially say in russian so if you
start to learn history look
read who
created founded the city of lions and  you
will be surprised you will be
surprised that there was such a king of Russia Danilo
Galician
wale there was Russia role they are Polish until
you will be very, very surprised that the story is
not the same as
these tales tell you
that rus came from somewhere in the swamps
where the Slavic tribes even lived,
for example  that
ramzan kadyrov honestly say that he is rus there
and there he was already a part there in the
russian federation
absolutely no